{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f120\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 MS San Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\info{\author Rodney}{\operator Rodney}
{\creatim\yr1996\mo7\dy5\hr18\min23}{\revtim\yr1996\mo7\dy14\hr19\min46}{\printim\yr1996\mo7\dy14\hr19\min10}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49213}}\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \f4\fs20 {\cs16\b\f120\fs48\super {\*\bkmkstart fWhatMergeStyles}{\*\bkmkend fWhatMergeStyles}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super 
#} Contents}}{\b\f120\fs48  Immunization Record Help}{\f120\fs48 
\par 
\par }\pard {\f120\fs24 \tab To learn how to use help, press F1, or select Using Help from the Help menu.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f120\fs28 How to use the Immunization Record program
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24\uldb Entering field data}{\v\f120\fs24 EnteringData}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24\uldb Adding a record}{\v\f120\fs24 AddRecord}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24\uldb Saving a record}{\v\f120\fs24 SaveRecord}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24\uldb Deleting a record}{\v\f120\fs24 DeleteRecord}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24\uldb Moving to the next record}{\v\f120\fs24 MoveNextRecord}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24\uldb Moving to the previous record}{\v\f120\fs24 MovePreviousRecord}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24\uldb Searching for a record}{\v\f120\fs24 SearchRecord}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24\uldb Printing records}{\v\f120\fs24 PrintRecords}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24\uldb Getting help}{\v\f120\fs24 GetHelp}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24\uldb Getting information about program}{\v\f120\fs24 GetAbout}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24\uldb Closing program}{\v\f120\fs24 Close}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs16\f120\fs24\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} EnteringData}}{\f120\fs24  }{\b\f120\fs32 Entering field data
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24     To enter field data move the mouse over the rectangle shaped box you wish to enter the data and click on the box when you see an I shaped mouse pointer.  If you do not see the I shaped mouse pointer continue
 moving the mouse over the box until you do.  After you have clicked the box a flashing marker will appear and you can type in text or change text as you would in a word processor.\line \line     To move t
o a new box press tab or repeat the step above.  The new data will save automatically.  NOTE:  Some data field boxes use dates as their input.  In these boxes you can only enter numbers.
\par \page }{\cs16\f120\fs24\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} {\f120\fs24 AddRecord}}}{\f120\fs24  }{\b\f120\fs32 Adding a record}{\f120\fs32 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24      To add a record click the command button labeled Add.  A new record will be started and you can begin to enter the field data into the boxes.
\par 
\par     NOTE:  You must save the data when you finish entering the new information.  If you have two records that have all the same information it will not hurt anything.
\par \page }{\cs16\f120\fs24\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} {\f120\fs24 SaveRecord}}}{\f120\fs24  }{\b\f120\fs32 Saving a record
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24 
    To save a record you must be adding one.  The button labeled Save will not be grayed if you are adding one so you can save the record.  If it is grayed and you are editing an old record you do not have to click save to save changes because it will aut
omatically save for you.  When you are ready to save a record you just added click this button with the mouse.
\par \page }{\cs16\f120\fs24\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} {\f120\fs24 DeleteRecord}}}{\f120\fs24  }{\b\f120\fs32 Deleting a record
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24     To delete a record move to the record you wish to delete and click the button labeled Delete.  NOTE:  Once you delete a record it can not be recovered.
\par \page }{\cs16\f120\fs24\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} MoveNextRecord}}{\f120\fs24  }{\b\f120\fs32 Moving to the next record
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24     To move to a different record click the button labeled Next.  If you here a beep or the record does not change you have reached the end of the database and only can move backwards through it.
\par \page }{\cs16\f120\fs24\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} {\f120\fs24 MovePreviousRecord}}}{\f120\fs24  }{\b\f120\fs32 Moving to the previous record
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24     To move back one record click the button labeled Back.  If you here a beep or the record does not change then you have reached the beginning of the database and can only move forward.
\par \page }{\cs16\f120\fs24\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} {\f120\fs24 SearchRecord}}}{\f120\fs24  }{\b\f120\fs32 Searching for a record
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24 
    To search for a record, click on the button labeled Search.  This will go through the entire database.  Then a form will show up with a list and text box for you to select a name.  You can scroll through the list or type in the name of the person in t
he text box.  When the correct and full name of the person is typed in to the text box or selected from the list click the button labeled OK.
\par 
\par     To select a name from the list find the name you want and click on it with the mouse.  The name should appear in the text box and you can then click on OK.
\par \page }{\cs16\f120\fs24\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} PrintRecords}}{\f120\fs24  }{\b\f120\fs32 Printing records
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24     To print a record click the button labeled Print.  A form will show up and give you the option to print the current record on the screen or print all the records.  To change which one you want cli
ck the circle to the left of the one you want.  A dot should fill the circle now.  To setup the printer click the button labeled Setup Printer.  When you are ready to print click OK.
\par \page }{\cs16\f120\fs24\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} GetHelp}}{\f120\fs24  }{\b\f120\fs32 Getting help}{\f120\fs32 
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24     To get help click the button labeled Help.  If the help does not show up it may already be open and minimized.
\par \page }{\cs16\f120\fs24\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} GetAbout}}{\f120\fs24  }{\b\f120\fs32 Getting information about the program}{\f120\fs24 
\par 
\par     To get information about the program click the button labeled About.  A form will show up giving you how much memory is left and information about the program.
\par \page }{\cs16\f120\fs24\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} Close}}{\f120\fs24  }{\b\f120\fs32 Closing program
\par 
\par }{\f120\fs24     To close the program click the button labeled Close.  This will close the program and save any changes you made to the record.}{\b\f120\fs32 
\par }}